create a unique point of purchase
display board game or collectible card
mat with our oversized mousepads also
known as odd bats soft-top add mats come
in standard sizes of 10 by 15 11 by 17
12 by 18 and 14 x 24 inches our 14 x 24
inch soft top mats are the standard
in-game mats for many popular
collectible card games the images
printed in dye-sublimation providing a
full color photographic quality
permanent imprint resulting in a soft
and flexible mat that can be rolled or
folded for easy transport while
retaining its vibrancy soft top add mats
have a heavy-duty rubber base and are
available in 18 or one-sixteenth inch
thickness hardtop laminated ad mats have
a durable laminate top that keeps your
promotion looking sharp and can be
easily cleaned standard sizes for
hardtop mats are 10 and a quarter by 15
and a quarter 11 by 17 12 by 18 and 17
by 26 inches backing choices for hardtop
mats are heavy duty rubber available in
18 and one-sixteenth inch thickness foam
a lighter material available on 18 inch
ultra thin a non-skid PVC or peel in
place a really cool non-marking adhesive
both at one thirty second an inch thick
creativity is key with our frame it flex
admin with windows for inserts the frame
it flex admat allows for maximum
versatility resulting in to display that
can be easily updated or personalized
frame it flex add mats are available
multiple standard sizes frame it flex
backing options are heavy-duty rubber
available on eighth inch and sixteenth
inch medium duty a lighter material
available in 18 and one-sixteenth inch
and barely there approximately a 32nd of
an inch thick give us call at eight six
six four zero four five to six seven or
visit us online at custom mouse pad com
today we look forward to assisting you